feat: PI-104 Hagall common libs (#1)
aukilabs/hagall-common: README.md

> # Hagall Common Libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Hagall common libraries
```

> This repository contains packages that are commonly used by Hagall & other backend services in Aukilabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains packages that are commonly used by Hagall and other backend services in Auki Labs.
```
